   https://codepen.io/Kaioken7/pen/XWRdXOW?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      HTML that gives meaning to the information on the website. It makes it easier for the browser and people to read and understand the code.
      
    2. What is HTML used for? 
     HTML is used as the base for a website. It provides general rules for the layout which is then organized by CSS and Javascript.
     
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     An attribute gives specific value to the element. The attribute goes in the opening tag of the element. 
     
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      The h1 tag is used to identify the most important header/title on the web page. it ahould only be used once.
     
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      img and a
     
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      Meta data information for the machine to read. Basically details about the HTML below.
      
    7. What is an id? 
       An attribute that is used to uniquely identify an element from other elements.
     
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       Every HTML element can carry the id attribute.
      
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        An id can only be used once with the same value. Otherwise the value would no longer be unique.
        
    10. What is a class? 
         A class attribute is used to identify and distinguish between different elements. 
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Every HTML attribute can carry a class attribute.
        
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        There is no limit to how many times the same class can be used on a page.
        
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href="" target="blank"> add the target attribute in the <a> tag followed by the _blank value.
        
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Provides a text description of the image. 
        
    15. How do I reference an id?
        # followed by the id name
        
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        A section is a semantic tag that sections off parts of the web page. A div is a block element has no meaning outside of its class and css. 
        
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to stylize the web page by editing the information in the HTML.
      
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
        
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id can only use the same value once while a class can use the same value multiple times. An id might be used on the H1 tag.
        A class attribute might be used to identify multiple links.
        
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .followedbytheclassname
        
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human{}
        
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A selector that selects all direct child elements of the parent element.
        
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that selects elements in certain states. ex. hover
        
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
        
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
        
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;, lowercase;, capitalize;
        
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted;
        
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
        
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
        
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir
        
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
      The rm command is used to remove a file. You need to be careul becuase there is no verification question.
      
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Keeps track o changes especially when working with multiple people. That way everybody isnt editing the same code at the same time.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Whenever you add a feature or make a change.
        
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin branch-name  
        
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, clone, branch, add, commit, push, pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       A block element starts a new line, takes up the full width available. An inline element does not change the structure of the content. 
       
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
       The element is not affected by the document flow and sits on its own layer.
       
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        display:flex
      
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block elements: h1, p, div  inline elements: img, inlne-block:button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        A box model is margin+border+padding+content. This model allows us to define the spaces inbetween elements. *{} is the padding issue fix or the box model. 
